[Music]
don't he'll kill you I loved you and you
lied to me both of you you betrayed me
what do you want from a ray I just I
[Music]
wanted so desperately delete my lost
brothers towards the light of the Lord
that have failed us all and now my
brothers are mortal enemies why for what
a woman gold yesterday we were a family
[Music]
was late August in 1864 and the
murderous Yankee General William
Tecumseh Sherman marching through
Georgia burning everything in his path
those were bitter days for my brothers
and I his father was dead killed and
Antietam my mother and I were all alone
doing our best to run what was left with
a family farm two years previously I had
left the seminary giving up my religious
studies to do my familial duty
everything we held ears about
our forces defending the Chattahoochee
River
[Music]
sure
sir lieutenant fox to each other play
taking the cars
past our men at the river as far as we
know
[Music]
you see that sapper sir they blew up the
fortifications dad no McCall you got
some hell waiting for you
nations such as eight
we'll wait here for another wait but
those who got through those are yours
sergeant sir we have to tell
headquarters the enemy could have
crossed the river who my brother was
there you think this was about your
brother McCall clear out those Yanks and
secure that area sergeant I'll expect a
report
right go to headquarters and tell them
we'll hold in the Frank had to cover
attack the rich sir
damn it Taylor
show yourselves and our the sons of
bitches I don't have time for this
[Music]
hang on brother I'll be there just just
hold on
shit screw and I'm not leaving my
brother to die
sir the enemy's punching through the
left flank
we need to counter-attack now what are
you thinking McCall did you forget how
to salute Oh Donald sir
I'm asking for permission to leave the
attack I'll head through the forest look
I know that your brother's defending the
river McCall and I don't want you doing
anything stupid we're pulling back
making a tactical retreat return to your
unit
let him go captain sir if you can reach
the trenches McCall I'll hit him with
everything I have sir yes sir
corporal Scott will go with you McCall
sure get your men corporal follow me